8:06:56 PM [express] GET /api/competitors 304 in 41ms :: [{"id":"083e0f08-61d1-415a-a97e-839f30139987","name":"Point B","url":"https://www.pointb.com","linkedInUrl":"https://www.linkedin.com/company/point-b/","instagramUrl":"https://www.instagram.com/teampointb/","twitterUrl":null,"blogUrl":null,"faviconUrl":"https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=www.pointb.com&sz=128","screenshotUrl":null,"lastCrawl":"2/1/2026, 9:36:10 PM","lastSocialCrawl":"2026-02-03T15:11:42.415Z","linkedInContent":null,"instagramContent":null,"twitterContent":null,"linkedInEngagement":{"posts":5,"followers":40371,"capturedAt":"2026-02-03T15:11:42.415Z","recentPosts":[{"url":"https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/7416582872075202560","text":"We're still riding the momentum from National Retail Federation Big Show 🥳 \n\nHuge thanks to Facteus for co-hosting an awesome happy hour with us making real connections with leaders across retail and hospitality in NYC!\n\nWe're looking forward to what's next at #NRF2026.\n\n#RetailTech #NRF2025 #Hospitality #Retail","comments":2,"postedAt":"","reactions":25},{"url":"https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/7415118958078353408","text":"NYC friends — meet up with us at National Retail Federation🍸 \n\nWe're partnering with Facteus again to host a happy hour after Day 1 at Porchlight Bar NYC (quick walk from NRF). It's the perfect opportunity to make new connections and have great conversations.\n\nDetails in the post below!\n\n#NRF2026 #Retail #ConsumerInsights #NYC","comments":0,"postedAt":"","reactions":11},{"url":"https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/7417586887848026113","text":"Veterans bring leadership, resilience, and a mission-driven mindset, and we’re committed to creating a workplace where those strengths can shine. We’re proud to share that Point B was named a Best Place for Vets by Military Times for the fourth year in a row. \n\nPoint Bravo, led by Vincent Tarantino, is one of the driving forces behind this honor, providing a community of support and strength for veterans, military spouses, and allies across our team.  \n\n▶️ Explore more about this honor: https://lnkd.in/eRUvsM-j  \n\n#BestforVets #VeteranCareers #Veterans #SupportourVeterans","comments":2,"postedAt":"","reactions":17},{"url":"https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/7416889041897517056","text":"Big congratulations to Anna Norris on receiving the Alabama Automotive Manufacturers Association Newcomer Impact Award — a recognition of her meaningful contributions to Alabama’s automotive landscape. This is also a proud moment for our Industrials & Mobility team, whose people-first approach continues to earn industry recognition. \n\n👉 Learn more about this prestigious recognition: https://lnkd.in/ebADyWhq \n\n#AutomotiveIndustry #MadeInAlabama #Manufacturing #AutomotiveLeaders","comments":3,"postedAt":"","reactions":51},{"url":"https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/7416299542406471680","text":"Point B has arrived at #NRF!","comments":4,"postedAt":"","reactions":77}]},"instagramEngagement":null,"twitterEngagement":null,"blogSnapshot":{"postCount":2,"capturedAt":"2026-02-03T15:17:37.905Z","latestTitles":["Accelerating Scalable Transformation With Agile","Accelerate Your Generative AI Journey"]},"crawlData":{"crawledAt":"2026-02-03T15:17:39.895Z","pagesCrawled":[{"url":"https://www.pointb.com/","title":"Point B | Home","pageType":"homepage","wordCount":335},{"url":"https://www.pointb.com/#","title":"Point B | Home","pageType":"about","wordCount":324},{"url":"https://www.pointb.com/Industries/Financial-Services","title":"Financial Services &amp; Insurance | Industries | Point B","pageType":"services","wordCount":1105},{"url":"https://www.pointb.com/How-we-help/Digital-Products","title":"Digital Products | How We Help | Point B","pageType":"products","wordCount":1134},{"url":"https://www.pointb.com/Industries/Media-Entertainment-and-Technology","title":"Media, Entertainment &amp; Technology | Industries | Point B","pageType":"blog","wordCount":892},{"url":"https://www.pointb.com/Insights/Case-Studies/2024/06/Partnering-with-a-Chief-Productivity-Officer-achieves-millions-in-savings-through-automation","title":"Partnering with a Chief Productivity Officer Achieves Millions in Savings Through Automation","pageType":"other","wordCount":624}],"totalWordCount":4414},"lastFullCrawl":"2026-02-03T15:17:37.905Z","previousWebsiteContent":"[HOMEPAGE] Point B | Home\nWEBINAR - The Hidden Cost of Doing Nothing: Data Readiness for the AI Revolution WATCH NOW Tech-Focused Transformation Generate Your Future Today Expertise + advanced technologies to help you get ahead and stay ahead. SEARCH MOST SEARCHED Data & Analytics Process Automation Artificial Intelligence Hybrid Cloud Explore our first-of-its-kind Innovation Center Do More With Your Data READ MORE Explore our first-of-its-kind Innovation Center READ MORE Insights to Solve Today's Challenges READ MORE New technology center invites restaurant leaders to explore custom solutions in an integrated environment. Trusted Expertise. Measurable Impact. Where transformation meets clarity, not complexity. Turn insights into outcomes Data Analytics Build smarter workflows Process Automation Drive innovation Digital & Tech Exceptional customers. Exceptional experiences. 40% of the Fortune 100 we're proud to partner with 78 NPS Score more than double our competitor advantage 1,350+ successful projects per year 700+ consultants across North America Creating Value at the Intersection Connecting deep expertise, proven process, and transformative technology to deliver exceptional experiences. Talent You Can Trust Sharing trusted expertise to lead change, deliver outcomes, and enhance connection across your organization. Transformative Technology Building, managing, and automating products and services that unlock human potential. Exceptional Results Consistently setting a higher standard for customer experience and outcomes. Technology Turn your vision into reality with future-forward, end-to-end tech services Strategize, design, build, run and optimize tech solutions to drive your organization's future, starting today. We start with your business challenge, then partner with you to find the best solutions by bringing together world-class consulting and advisory expertise with cutting-edge technologies and tools that ensure your success at every stage. TECHNOLOGY SERVICES Point B Announces Strategic Acquisition of Lumston Comprehensive solutions to your biggest challenges We're increasing capacity to offer comprehensive, tech-enabled solutions to our customers' challenges. Sicely Donaldson , Interim Chief Growth Officer The Restaurant Technology Your Customers Are Hungry For 5 steps for technology transformation that propels growth and drives customer engagement. Henry Frenzel Named 2025 Rising Star for Excellence in Strategy Consulting Delivering Unmatched Customer Value\n\n---\n\n[ABOUT] Point B | Home\nWEBINAR - The Hidden Cost of Doing Nothing: Data Readiness for the AI Revolution WATCH NOW Tech-Focused Transformation Generate Your Future Today Expertise + advanced technologies to help you get ahead and stay ahead. SEARCH Explore our first-of-its-kind Innovation Center Do More With Your Data READ MORE Explore our first-of-its-kind Innovation Center READ MORE Insights to Solve Today's Challenges READ MORE New technology center invites restaurant leaders to explore custom solutions in an integrated environment. Trusted Expertise. Measurable Impact. Where transformation meets clarity, not complexity. Turn insights into outcomes Data Analytics Build smarter workflows Process Automation Drive innovation Digital & Tech Exceptional customers. Exceptional experiences. 40% of the Fortune 100 we're proud to partner with 78 NPS Score more than double our competitor advantage 1,350+ successful projects per year 700+ consultants across North America Creating Value at the Intersection Connecting deep expertise, proven process, and transformative technology to deliver exceptional experiences. Talent You Can Trust Sharing trusted expertise to lead change, deliver outcomes, and enhance connection across your organization. Transformative Technology Building, managing, and automating products and services that unlock human potential. Exceptional Results Consistently setting a higher standard for customer experience and outcomes. Technology Turn your vision into reality with future-forward, end-to-end tech services Strategize, design, build, run and optimize tech solutions to drive your organization's future, starting today. We start with your business challenge, then partner with you to find the best solutions by bringing together world-class consulting and advisory expertise with cutting-edge technologies and tools that ensure your success at every stage. TECHNOLOGY SERVICES Point B Announces Strategic Acquisition of Lumston Comprehensive solutions to your biggest challenges We're increasing capacity to offer comprehensive, tech-enabled solutions to our customers' challenges. Sicely Donaldson , Interim Chief Growth Officer The Restaurant Technology Your Customers Are Hungry For 5 steps for technology transformation that propels growth and drives customer engagement. Henry Frenzel Named 2025 Rising Star for Excellence in Strategy Consulting Delivering Unmatched Customer Value\n\n---\n\n[SERVICES] Financial Services &amp; Insurance | Industries | Point B\nDriving Financial Impact How We Help Case Studies Insights Our Team Back to Top Innovating to Maintain Security and Stability in Uncertain Times Discover how your commitment to service, stability, and compliance can give you a strong foundation and a competitive edge in the face of disruption. By adapting to leverage consumer-centric technology, modernize operations, and stay ahead of shifting regulatory standards, you can activate the full potential of your organization and your people. Creating value at the intersection of business and technical agility, fresh perspectives, and efficient execution We see across industries, bringing together strategies that help financial services and insurance leaders transform by increasing speed to market, meeting consumers' expectations for secure, fully accessible products, smoothing regulatory transitions, and satisfying client demands. Explore the pathways that deeper connections create People Zameer Baber, Vice President, Growth Transformation Article 6 Ways Financial Services Firms Can Mitigate Risk in the Cloud Solutions Digital & Tech Transformation Case Study How a Global Shared Services Strategy Saved $20 Million People Steve Kane, Director, Growth & Offerings Case Study Saving $10.4M+ with a Modern Marketing Approach Solutions Data & Analytics How We Help You’ll get the expertise you need to capture consumers’ confidence and loyalty while staying ahead of economic, regulatory, and industry changes. Digital Transformation Transform Operations Consumer expectations for a seamless digital experience transcend industries. Leaders in the financial space — including wealth management, insurance, capital markets, banking, and financial technology — need a customized mix of reliable, secure, and user-friendly technologies to compete. For a frictionless consumer experience, start by breaking down organizational silos that derail change. Together, we'll focus on making speed-to-market a priority. Our executives will guide you through strategies that help create committed leadership, empowered cross-functional teams, problem-solving mindsets, and a willingness to take considered risks. You'll have the tech, tools, and processes you need to accelerate change. Related Solution MARKETING & CUSTOMER SERVICE MODERNIZATION Case Studies Explore how Point B experts help leaders in the financial services and insurance sectors put people at the center of technological shifts in order to drive meaningful change. ARTICLE Struggling to Adopt Agile at Your Bank? You’re Not Alone Here’s how to make it work within your culture. ARTICLE How Rethinking IT Can Set Your Bank Apart and Ahead The race to stay relevant. ARTICLE Change is Coming to Financial Services. Are You Prepared? Build teams that can respond to the changing marketplace and read the minds of consumers. ARTICLE Accounting for AI: Leveraging Actionable Insights in the Banking Industry Take advantage of 3 big AI opportunities for banks. ARTICLE 6 Ways Financial Services Firms Can Mitigate Risk in the Cloud Build a robust risk management program at your organization. CASE STUDY Open for Business: Launching a New Captive Finance Private-Label Organization Standing up a new line of business to serve a broader market. ARTICLE Technology and the Evolving Wealth Management Landscape Are you ready for wealth's next generation? ARTICLE Leveraging Existing Investments to Mitigate Vendor Onboarding Risk Today’s challenging economy makes finding efficiencies more important than ever, and vendor onboarding and relationship management are great places to start. The challenge is streamlining without adding potential compliance issues and risk to your organization. ARTICLE Struggling to Adopt Agile at Your Bank? You’re Not Alone Here’s how to make it work within your culture. ARTICLE How Rethinking IT Can Set Your Bank Apart and Ahead The race to stay relevant. ARTICLE Change is Coming to Financial Services. Are You Prepared? Build teams that can respond to the changing marketplace and read the minds of consumers. ARTICLE Accounting for AI: Leveraging Actionable Insights in the Banking Industry Take advantage of 3 big AI opportunities for banks. ARTICLE 6 Ways Financial Services Firms Can Mitigate Risk in the Cloud Build a robust risk management program at your organization. CASE STUDY Open for Business: Launching a New Captive Finance Private-Label Organization Standing up a new line of business to serve a broader market. ARTICLE Technology and the Evolving Wealth Management Landscape Are you ready for wealth's next generation? ARTICLE Leveraging Existing Investments to Mitigate Vendor Onboarding Risk Today’s challenging economy makes finding efficiencies more important than ever, and vendor onboarding and relationship management are great places to start. The challenge is streamlining without adding potential compliance issues and risk to your organization. ARTICLE Struggling to Adopt Agile at Your Bank? You’re Not Alone Here’s how to make it work within your culture. ARTICLE How Rethinking IT Can Set Your Bank Apart and Ahead The race to stay relevant. ARTICLE Change is Coming to Financial Services. Are You Prepared? Build teams that can respond to the changing marketplace and read the minds of consumers. ARTICLE Accounting for AI: Leveraging Actionable Insights in the Banking Industry Take advantage of 3 big AI opportunities for banks. Technology Building Resilient Cybersecurity Data breaches come with loss of consumer trust, regulatory fines, and costly new controls. Creating a resilient cybersecurity strategy calls for proactively identifying vulnerabilities as well as having effective, evolving processes to address them — requiring an interdepartmental approach. When a large financial services firm needed help with a disorganized set of cybersecurity projects, we partnered to create and implement a project management framework that turned things around. Learn why your company's objectives and key results should cascade into specific cybersecurity objectives and how you can use our flexible, 6-step approach to assess your own organizational needs. LEARN MORE Insights Browse strategic advice from our industry leaders designed to help complex financial services and insurance organizations accelerate meaningful change. ARTICLE Top 10 Ways to Create Sustainable Savings Take a holistic approach to cost savings. Start by asking the right questions to help identify actions that can benefit your bottom line today, without losing sight of the future. ARTICLE Intelligent Insurance Automation Requires More Than Savvy Tech ARTICLE 6 Ways Financial Services Firms Can Mitigate Risk in the Cloud ARTICLE Taking Action in a Volatile Market Our Team Donna Hazen Director, Consulting READ BIO Greg Rosendahl Delivery Excellence Leader READ BIO Ryan Przybysz Director, Tech and Digital READ BIO Mark Warren Senior Client Partner READ BIO Zameer Baber Senior Vice President, Strategy & Transformation READ BIO Steve Kane Sales Engineer READ BIO Donna Hazen Director, Consulting READ BIO Greg Rosendahl Delivery Excellence Leader READ BIO Ryan Przybysz Director, Tech and Digital READ BIO Mark Warren Senior Client Partner READ BIO Zameer Baber Senior Vice President, Strategy & Transformation READ BIO Steve Kane Sales Engineer READ BIO Donna Hazen Director, Consulting READ BIO Greg Rosendahl Delivery Excellence Leader READ BIO Ryan Przybysz Director, Tech and Digital READ BIO Mark Warren Senior Client Partner READ BIO\n\n---\n\n[PRODUCTS] Digital Products | How We Help | Point B\nDIGITAL PRODUCTS Building Your Next Competitive Advantage Solutions Impact Our Experts Insights Back to Top Build Your Future by Disrupting the Status Quo Amplify your competitive advantage, exceed customer and employee expectations, and create viable momentum by building cutting-edge new products, experiences, services, and businesses. You’ll discover how taking a people-focused approach to technology can help maximize your impact as you partner with our experts to design, build, and scale solutions that deliver your future. Creating value at the intersection of technology, design, industry insights, and domain expertise. We see across disciplines and work across silos, using a co-innovation approach to create best-in-class digital products and experiences that empower your people and create value for your business. Explore the pathways that deeper connections create Webinar A New Co-Pilot: How the Manufacturing and Energy Industries Evolve With AI Article Equipping Your Deskless Workforce for the Future Tech Operations Hub Case Study Customer Sentiment and Insights Analysis Drove 5x ROI People Alex Chang, Senior Director, Consulting Digital Products & Services Here's just a few examples of the digital products and tech-enabled services we've built and leveraged to help customers solve common challenges. Deskless Worker App Point B's Deskless Worker App is the first frontline solution to use Native AI, including voice-enabled assistance, to automate workflows and task management, increasing productivity and enhancing the employee experience. Our Deskless Worker App works with your existing tech ecosystem to enhance the frontline worker experience, giving them access to the tools they need on the go, so they can focus on what matters most, your customers. Learn More > Operations Hub Avoid costly operational mistakes and re-work while orchestrating complex, regulated processes. Operations Hub provides a single source of operational truth that ensures access to clear, up-to-date process documentation for all employees, at all times. Learn More > Our Approach Learn how to connect rapid evolution with effective innovation. Our data, engineering, design, research, and customer experience experts will help you build applications, products, and experiences that help your company forge deeper connections and deliver meaningful outcomes. Design & Prototype Today's leaders understand that connecting human needs with technology solutions gives them an operational edge. Our experts will help you elevate employee and consumer experiences to solve complex problems, increase connections, and accelerate your path to greater impact and value. We'll start with a clear understanding of the problem to be solved, validate a strong fit, then help you launch new concepts, tools, and experiences at scale. Our co-innovation approach to design means we walk the path from unknown to discovery together. As you drive toward meaningful outcomes, we'll be there to help your people work across teams, break down silos, and unlock human potential. Custom Software Development Custom technology solutions can enable greater focus and help organizations achieve their business outcomes. Our experts help you take ideas from concept to product, following our collaborative, co-innovation methodology. Together, we’ll build new capabilities, experiences, products, and tools that pull your future forward. We'll be by your side, disrupting the status quo, ensuring your success, and helping you design, build, and scale custom technology solutions that turn your vision into reality. User Focused Solutions Software development initiatives often start off prioritizing human needs or desired business outcome. But in traveling the path through build and delivery, the end product often misses the mark. We'll take a deliberate, product-oriented approach to help you avoid the common pitfall of forcing users to adapt to tech more than the tech adapts to fit the user. You'll have a product that enables and amplifies your user experience while supporting your organizational goals. Human-Centered Design We all share one commonality — being human! It sounds obvious, yet it's often overlooked when organizations seek to build digital products and experiences. We'll use Human Centered Design to help you produce products, brands, services, processes, and new businesses that resonate with your ideal customers and talented employees. Our approach draws on insights that create deeply informed, authentic, and personalized experiences that your audiences want and need. Technology Building Fit-For-Purpose Tools That Meet Business Needs We meet you where you are: Whether you have an early concept or you're ready to build. Point B's experts build technology to help solve nuanced, complex business problems. Built and tested in partnership with Fortune 500 customers, our products and tech-enabled services increase operational efficiency while reducing costs: Deskless Worker App Operations Hub GET IN TOUCH Expertise to Go Beyond Extend your vision with Point B's strategic execution experts. As your partner, they'll apply deep expertise to help you navigate complex challenges and change to deliver successful outcomes. 550+ D&A projects delivered 700+ Digital and tech products delivered 350 Co-innovation and design projects Our Experts Meet the design and build experts trusted to bring organizations together around common goals. They're here to help you bridge gaps between people, technologies, and innovative products and services. Alex Chang Vice President, Technology & Digital READ BIO Insights Browse strategic advice designed to help complex organizations create digital products that enable compelling consumer and employee experiences. CASE STUDY Commercial Readiness - All Systems Go Speeding the path to FDA approval for a biopharmaceutical company. ARTICLE The Restaurant Technology Your Customers Are Hungry For 5 steps for technology transformation that propels growth and drives customer engagement. CASE STUDY Customer Sentiment and Insights Analysis Delivered 5X ROI for a Software Manufacturer Custom software drove successful product improvements through aggregated, timely VoC feedback. CASE STUDY Empowering the Enterprise with Voice of Customer Insights Delivering actionable insights that increase agility and inform key business decisions. ARTICLE Equipping Your Deskless Workforce for the Future Bringing your organization’s tech together in a single, seamless, employee-centric application. CASE STUDY Commercial Readiness - All Systems Go Speeding the path to FDA approval for a biopharmaceutical company. ARTICLE The Restaurant Technology Your Customers Are Hungry For 5 steps for technology transformation that propels growth and drives customer engagement. CASE STUDY Customer Sentiment and Insights Analysis Delivered 5X ROI for a Software Manufacturer Custom software drove successful product improvements through aggregated, timely VoC feedback. CASE STUDY Empowering the Enterprise with Voice of Customer Insights Delivering actionable insights that increase agility and inform key business decisions. ARTICLE Equipping Your Deskless Workforce for the Future Bringing your organization’s tech together in a single, seamless, employee-centric application. CASE STUDY Commercial Readiness - All Systems Go Speeding the path to FDA approval for a biopharmaceutical company. ARTICLE The Restaurant Technology Your Customers Are Hungry For 5 steps for technology transformation that propels growth and drives customer engagement. CASE STUDY Customer Sentiment and Insights Analysis Delivered 5X ROI for a Software Manufacturer Custom software drove successful product improvements through aggregated, timely VoC feedback. CASE STUDY Empowering the Enterprise with Voice of Customer Insights Delivering actionable insights that increase agility and inform key business decisions.\n\n---\n\n[BLOG] Media, Entertainment &amp; Technology | Industries | Point B\nEmpowering Bold Visions How We Help Case Studies Insights Our Team Back to Top Leading Innovation Discover how cross-sector insights can help you adapt to the rapid pace of change, innovate, and achieve efficient growth. From streaming services to the metaverse and artificial intelligence, staying at the forefront of technological change requires wrangling the scale and complexity of your data to create customer experiences that enhance your impact. Creating value at the intersection of operational efficiency, innovation, and growth. We see across industries, helping you drive impact and engagement, streamline ways of working, and continue to grow and adapt in the face of rapid change. Explore the pathways that deeper connections create Solutions Digital & Tech Transformation People Margarita Lam, Senior Client Partner Article Operationalizing AI: Join the Revolution Without Risking it All Solutions Brand Awareness & Customer Engagement Case Study Driving Personalization at Scale with MarTech Data Automation How We Help You'll get the expertise you need to improve operations and turn data into insights that drive continued growth in a challenging, fast-changing environment. Operational Efficiency Payments Compliance Actionable Data Insights Scale to Grow Finding the right balance of growth, efficiency, and technological innovation looks different for every leader. Our experts partner with you to develop customized approaches that maximize your organization's outcomes. For media and entertainment companies, we'll focus on going beyond volume to maximize the profit and full potential of streaming. For Software as a Service (SaaS) companies, we'll discuss ways to turn the dual goals of growth and profit into organizational actions. For growth-oriented companies, we'll bring \"do more with less\" tools and strategies to help you embed operational efficiencies. And we’ll discuss creative and sustainable solutions to support your people and processes as hybrid work environments and Artificial Intelligence continue to change the landscape. Related Solutions GROWTH STRATEGY Case Studies Explore how our experts have helped media, entertainment, and technology organizations transform with purpose. CASE STUDY Accelerating Scalable Transformation With Agile Connecting and streamlining processes across global teams. CASE STUDY Driving Personalization at Scale with MarTech Data Automation Helping a global media and entertainment company 10x engaged the number of subscribers each week CASE STUDY Workforce Management that Puts People First Elevating global employee experiences through a Workday deployment CASE STUDY Driving Change Adoption During a Global System Deployment Making employee experience the focus of their digital experience CASE STUDY Establishing a Risk Rating Model How to achieve and sustain compliance for a global social media company. CASE STUDY Implementing a Machine Learning Model for a Global Social Media Company How automation drove greater compliance and efficiency. CASE STUDY Accelerating Scalable Transformation With Agile Connecting and streamlining processes across global teams. CASE STUDY Driving Personalization at Scale with MarTech Data Automation Helping a global media and entertainment company 10x engaged the number of subscribers each week CASE STUDY Workforce Management that Puts People First Elevating global employee experiences through a Workday deployment CASE STUDY Driving Change Adoption During a Global System Deployment Making employee experience the focus of their digital experience CASE STUDY Establishing a Risk Rating Model How to achieve and sustain compliance for a global social media company. CASE STUDY Implementing a Machine Learning Model for a Global Social Media Company How automation drove greater compliance and efficiency. CASE STUDY Accelerating Scalable Transformation With Agile Connecting and streamlining processes across global teams. CASE STUDY Driving Personalization at Scale with MarTech Data Automation Helping a global media and entertainment company 10x engaged the number of subscribers each week CASE STUDY Workforce Management that Puts People First Elevating global employee experiences through a Workday deployment CASE STUDY Driving Change Adoption During a Global System Deployment Making employee experience the focus of their digital experience Technology Moving From Data Silos to a Data Ecosystem The more siloed an organization, the more likely it is that valuable data is trapped in those siloes — disconnected from people who could use it to gain actionable insight and make more informed decisions. Our approach identifies siloed data early on and resolves the disconnects that keep it from being accessible and adding value across your organization. We help move your organization from siloed data to a dynamic data ecosystem that supports your value streams and unleashes fresh insight, energy, and innovation. LEARN MORE Insights Discover how our deep cross-industry expertise — spanning Media, Technology, & Entertainment — enables you to go beyond boundaries and deliver on your mission. ARTICLE Accelerate Your Generative AI Journey Reduce risk and put innovation on fast forward. ARTICLE Make the Loss of Third-party Cookies Your Gain ARTICLE Tech Payments Compliance: It Pays To Lean In ARTICLE How Empathy Drives Technology ROI Our Team Top 35 Consultant Under 35 Chris Lau Manager, Consulting READ BIO Matt Hilliker Director, Consulting READ BIO Top 25 Consultant Margarita Lam Senior Client Partner READ BIO Holt Harrell Delivery Excellence Leader READ BIO Scott Fasser Principal, Consulting READ BIO Top 35 Consultant Under 35 Chris Lau Manager, Consulting READ BIO Matt Hilliker Director, Consulting READ BIO Top 25 Consultant Margarita Lam Senior Client Partner READ BIO Holt Harrell Delivery Excellence Leader READ BIO Scott Fasser Principal, Consulting READ BIO Top 35 Consultant Under 35 Chris Lau Manager, Consulting READ BIO Matt Hilliker Director, Consulting READ BIO Top 25 Consultant Margarita Lam Senior Client Partner READ BIO Holt Harrell Delivery Excellence Leader READ BIO\n\n---\n\n[OTHER] Partnering with a Chief Productivity Officer Achieves Millions in Savings Through Automation\nCASE STUDY Partnering with a Chief Productivity Officer to Save Millions Through Automation Creating cultural change through influence, negotiation, and alignment. SHARE THIS ARTICLE Challenge A global financial institution set a lofty goal for its new Chief Productivity Officer (CPO): To achieve a multi-million-dollar cost savings target across back-office operations while increasing productivity and reducing risk. To realize the savings, productivity and actions needed to be aligned across nine teams after a recent merger. However, the organization wanted to avoid the significant change that would come from restructuring all 9 teams under the CPO. Instead, the priority was to lead through influence, negotiation, alignment, and communication. The CPO reached out to Point B as a thought partner. Our teams embarked on a process of discovery, discussion, and brainstorming to define the challenge and scope in close collaboration with our customer. Opportunity To tackle this project, our team needed to align a highly distributed and matrixed organization around a single, audacious goal using indirect influence. We referenced agile, organizational excellence, and culture assessment experience to create and execute a bespoke plan to balance the efficiency of centralized processes with flexibility to support innovation. Our team took a multi-faceted approach to drive buy-in, alignment, cultural change, and operational updates across the organization. Approach While automation was a core goal, the organization’s challenges went beyond technical limitations. In fact, leaders had previously invested in major tech updates to streamline processes, mostly developed in-house. Yet lack of adoption and buy in led to frustration. Simply implementing the tools had not been enough to disrupt familiar ways of working and change culture. To identify key stakeholders and understand their needs and barriers, we embarked on a listening tour, using written and verbal survey responses and conversations to inform our process. Our holistic approach included a new operating model within the CPO’s team and an overhauled governance mechanism design to capture benefits and drive alignment. Our team created detailed stakeholder maps, established a steering committee, distilled findings into actionable next steps, and helped the CPO begin facilitating cultural change. We helped implement communities of practice; structures specifically designed to succeed in a decentralized organization. Communities of practice bring diverse individuals together across business and tech teams, creating space to discuss shared goals and challenges in their work and build solutions together. In addition to establishing initial communities of practice, we ensured leaders had the tools needed to establish additional communities as needed over time. Simply implementing the tools had not been enough to disrupt familiar ways of working and change culture. Project Outcomes In just 18 months, a small, core team from Point B helped the organization achieve its ambitious cost-saving goals. In addition, the CPO hit all defined efficiency and productivity targets. Additional results: Reduced operational risk Elevated CPO profile Enabled critical resources to focus on higher-value activities Delivered faster and more consistent customer service Today, the organization continues to gain momentum in implementing advanced automation, using the tools and processes we shared to facilitate collaborative, efficient work across business units. RELATED INDUSTRIES Consumer & Retail Financial Services RELATED SOLUTIONS Digital & Tech Transformation Looking to save with automation? Point B collaborates with you to transform your operational approach and generate customer value by removing or automating tasks of lesser importance. This enables your team to concentrate on fostering innovation and achieving significant, quantifiable results. GET IN TOUCH Related Content ARTICLE Building Skills, Community, & Momentum for Emerging Leaders at Point B How an Employee-Driven Cohort is Shaping the Firm’s Next Generation of Consultants Consumer & Retail WEBINAR The Hidden Cost of Doing Nothing Data Readiness for the AI Revolution Aerospace ARTICLE The Digital Transformation Paradox Strategic payer investment in uncertain times Health ✓ Thanks for sharing! AddToAny More…","lastWebsiteMonitor":"2026-02-03T15:17:37.905Z","socialCheckFrequency":"daily","status":"Active","userId":"116500d0-357e-4ace-a7af-7264ed58e22a","marketId":"137db123-4906-4e61-af99-f0d23d86a622","projectId":null,"analysisData":{"strengths":["Strong Fortune 100 client base (40% penetration demonstrates enterprise credibility)","Exceptional NPS score of 78 (more than double competitors)","Significant scale with 700+ consultants and 1,350+ projects annually across North America","Tech-first positioning with proprietary products (Deskless Worker App, Operations Hub)","First-of-its-kind Innovation Center for restaurant technology demonstrates industry specialization","Recent acquisition of Lumston shows growth momentum and expanding capabilities","End-to-end service offering from strategy through implementation and optimization","Clear focus on measurable outcomes with specific ROI case studies ($20M saved, 5x ROI examples)"],"weaknesses":["Generic messaging that lacks differentiation ('transformation meets clarity' is overused in consulting)","Website content is repetitive across homepage and about pages, suggesting poor content strategy","Limited geographic presence (North America only) compared to global competitors","Technology services positioning feels derivative rather than innovative","Unclear brand identity - trying to be both management consulting and tech implementation firm","Heavy focus on restaurant industry may limit broader market appeal","Interim Chief Growth Officer suggests leadership instability","Messaging is buzzword-heavy without concrete specificity on methodologies or frameworks"],"keyMessages":["Transformation without complexity - making change manageable and clear","Technology meets expertise - combining consulting acumen with technical execution","Measurable impact - focus on ROI and concrete business outcomes","Trusted partners to Fortune 100 - enterprise-grade reliability","AI and data readiness - helping clients prepare for and implement emerging technologies","People-focused technology - putting human needs at the center of digital solutions"],"marketPosition":"Mid-tier technology and management consulting firm positioned between pure-play tech integrators and Big 4 consultancies, attempting to differentiate through industry specialization (especially restaurants and financial services), proprietary digital products, and a client-centric approach that emphasizes measurable outcomes over traditional consulting deliverables. Competing in the crowded digital transformation space with regional scale rather than global reach.","targetAudience":"Fortune 100 and large enterprise companies, particularly in financial services, insurance, and restaurant/hospitality sectors, seeking digital transformation, data analytics, process automation, and AI implementation support","competitiveScore":72,"valueProposition":"Tech-enabled consulting firm that combines deep industry expertise, proven processes, and transformative technology to deliver measurable business outcomes, with particular emphasis on data analytics, process automation, and AI implementation for enterprise clients"},"headquarters":null,"founded":null,"employeeCount":null,"revenue":null,"fundingRaised":null,"industry":null,"createdAt":"2026-01-19T00:53:06.775Z"},{"id":"4a7d1f2b-28a6-4196-b23f-0b6d273d1507","name":"West Monroe","url":"https://www.westmonroe.com","linkedInUrl":"https://www.linkedin.com/company/westmonroe/","instagramUrl":"https://www.instagram.com/wearewestmonroe","twitterUrl":null,"blogUrl":null,"faviconUrl":"https://www.google.com/s2/favicons?domain=www.westmonroe.com&sz=128","screenshotUrl":null,"lastCrawl":"2/1/2026, 9:36:43 PM","lastSocialCrawl":"2026-02-03T15:12:20.345Z","linkedInContent":null,"instagramContent":null,"twitterContent":null,"linkedInEngagement":{"posts":5,"followers":81092,"capturedAt":"2026-02-03T15:12:20.345Z","recentPosts":[{"url":"https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/7423696643159433217","text":"West Monroe recognizes Black History Month by celebrating progress, leadership, and the people shaping what comes next. We’re focused on building an environment where collaboration drives impact and innovation is something everyone helps define.\n\nThis year, our Black Employee Network (BEN) is at the forefront of exploring how we define our relationship with AI as it becomes embedded in our work. Through a panel on moving AI from a search tool to a true delivery partner, we’re spotlighting how teams can elevate client discovery, deepen insight, and accelerate outcomes without losing the human judgment that defines great consulting.\n\nTogether, we’re advancing how work gets done and who gets to lead—building forward, with intention.","comments":1,"postedAt":"","reactions":30},{"url":"https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/7423008703672471552","text":"Our Chief People Officer, Tanya E Moore, and our Chief Information Officer, Kevin D. Rooney, were featured in Fortune for showing what real HR-IT collaboration looks like.\n\nTogether, they built a chatbot that helps staff our project teams in record time—streamlining comms, reducing bias, and getting the right people on the right client projects, faster.\n\nSee how we’re putting AI to work at West Monroe 🗞️: https://lnkd.in/e9925pt9","comments":1,"postedAt":"","reactions":23},{"url":"https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/7422669842463502337","text":"M&A is finding its footing again. West Monroe's 2026 M&A Outlook breaks down what’s changing in dealmaking—and where execution, AI, and integration will separate winners from the rest.\n\nDownload the Q&A with Alex Torgerson to see how deal teams are positioning for 2026: https://lnkd.in/gmzym3Tx","comments":0,"postedAt":"","reactions":24},{"url":"https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/7422043604518400000","text":"AI is reshaping where value is created and how fast it’s realized for life sciences companies.\n\nAs highlighted in West Monroe’s Life Sciences and M&A Report and recent breakfast session in NYC, firms that execute effectively—through robust governance, cultural alignment, and scalable AI implementations—will be best positioned to thrive in this rapidly evolving space.\n\nThanks to HelixAI's David Cooney and GHO Capital Partners LLP's Charles Ruprecht for a great discussion. Here were our top takeaways:\n\n𝐀𝐈 𝐢𝐬 𝐝𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐞𝐟𝐟𝐢𝐜𝐢𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐲 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐢𝐧𝐧𝐨𝐯𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧: AI is compressing timelines and costs across R&D, trials, manufacturing, and supply chains—turning months of work into weeks while unlocking next-gen therapies.\n\n𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐆𝐋𝐏-1 𝐦𝐚𝐫𝐤𝐞𝐭 𝐞𝐱𝐞𝐦𝐩𝐥𝐢𝐟𝐢𝐞𝐬 𝐀𝐈-𝐝𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐧 𝐯𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞 𝐜𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧:  In GLP-1s, AI accelerates discovery, sharpens patient targeting, scales manufacturing, and helps differentiate therapies in a crowded, IP-constrained market.\n\n𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐩𝐫𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐜𝐲 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐠𝐨𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐧𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐚𝐫𝐞 𝐜𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐚𝐥 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐬𝐜𝐚𝐥𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐀𝐈: Sensitive health data makes governance non-negotiable, with privacy and compliance now representing over a third of sell-side risk for life sciences assets.\n\n𝐀𝐈’𝐬 𝐯𝐚𝐥𝐮𝐞 𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐞𝐬 𝐨𝐧 𝐭𝐞𝐜𝐡 𝐀𝐍𝐃 𝐞𝐱𝐞𝐜𝐮𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧: Clean data, modular architectures, and embedded AI workflows (not tools alone) separate firms that realize value quickly from those that stall post-close.","comments":4,"postedAt":"","reactions":57},{"url":"https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/7421567643406516224","text":"AI tools can help teams move faster, but without guardrails they also spread bad content, flawed code, and inconsistent answers at scale. Erik Brown’s point is simple: If no one is reviewing or owning AI outputs, small quality issues quietly turn into bigger business problems.\n\nRead the full article from Tech Target here: https://lnkd.in/gWzDxVy4","comments":1,"postedAt":"","reactions":48}]},"instagramEngagement":null,"twitterEngagement":null,"blogSnapshot":{"postCount":4,"capturedAt":"2026-02-03T15:18:09.975Z","latestTitles":["Let's Connect","Tech Trends to Watch","Get the research","Get the 2026 Outlook"]},"crawlData":{"crawledAt":"2026-02-03T15:18:11.971Z","pagesCrawled":[{"url":"https://www.westmonroe.com/","title":"Global business and technology consulting firm - West Monroe","pageType":"homepage","wordCount":179},{"url":"https://www.westmonroe.com/about/unlock-full-potential-of-ai","title":"Unlock Your AI Potential - West Monroe","pageType":"about","wordCount":127},{"url":"https://www.westmonroe.com/services/mergers-acquisitions","title":"Successful M&amp;A is built on flawless execution  - West Monroe","pageType":"services","wordCount":736},{"url":"https://www.westmonroe.com/industries/consumer-industrial-products","title":"Consumer Products &amp; Manufacturing Consulting | Industry 4.0 Consulting | West Monroe - West Monroe","pageType":"products","wordCount":1023},{"url":"https://www.westmonroe.com/insights","title":"Insights - West Monroe","pageType":"blog","wordCount":234},{"url":"https://www.westmonroe.com/services/operations","title":"Operations - West Monroe","pageType":"services","