The news and intelligence this campaign was founded on — frozen at creation.
captured Jun 10, 2026
News
Microsoft is working to rebuild trust in WindowsThe Verge
Microsoft is going to spend 2026 improving Windows 11. It comes after Windows update quality issues and complaints about the operating system.

Why Microsoft won't be the company to mainstream consumer AI useWindows Central
The lobotomization of Bing AI is indicative of a wider issue with Microsoft: they just don't get human beings. And that is why it won't be the company that mainstreams AI use.

Here are the biggest announcements coming out of Microsoft Build 2023Windows Central
We round up the most important news coming out of Microsoft's Build 2023 developer conference.

Microsoft Surface event: Here's everything that was announcedWindows Central
Microsoft's fall 2022 Surface event has just wrapped! It was a jam-packed event with three new Surface PCs, a handful of new accessories, and a smattering of new apps and services for Microsoft 365 su

How to get the Microsoft experience on a ChromebookAndroid Central
While Windows does a lot of things well, it doesn’t hold up well on budget machines the way Chrome OS does. This means that if you’re on a limited budget, the best Microsoft experience to be had is on a Chromebook rather than a Windows laptop!

Anthropic's Fable 5 AI Model Offers More Power At A Higher PriceForbes
Anthropic says its new Fable 5 AI model can handle long-running tasks and agents. The tradeoff: higher costs, tighter safeguards and usage limits.

Anthropic releases Claude Fable 5, its first MythosTNW
Anthropic launched Claude Fable 5 on Tuesday, a Mythos-class model with safeguards blocking cybersecurity and biology queries, priced at $10 per million input tokens.

Anthropic brings Mythos to the masses with Claude Fable 5, its most powerful generally available model everVentureBeat
Anthropic is pricing both Fable 5 and Mythos 5 at $10 per million input tokens and $50 per million output tokens. The company says that is less than half the price of Claude Mythos Preview

Anthropic Offers Mythos Upgrade for Cyber Partners and a ‘Safe’ Version for the Rest of YouWIRED
Anthropic is releasing Claude Mythos 5 to trusted organizations and Claude Fable 5 to the public, a version it says can’t be used for cyberattacks.

Anthropic is all in on 'AI safety'-and that's helping the $183 billion startup win over big businessFortune
Founders Daniela and Dario Amodei have made Anthropic and its Claude models the AI many companies prefer over rivals OpenAI and ChatGPT.